And the next example that we are going to talk about is the multi-turn sample in the ragas.
After we discussed this singleton sample in our last lecture of this course.
So you see that in the multi-turn sample, the only difference from the singleton and the multi-turn
is that in the singleton you will have only one user input and one reference context.
And then you just do a communication with the LM.
And then you see if the response has got the accuracy, relevance and fairness based on the input that
you have given from the large language model.
That is what you are going to do in this particular singleton sample.
But in Multi-turn sample you are going to be interacting between humans eyes or optionally even tools.
You remember the one that we built in our last section of the course, even that one as well.
You can interact and then you will see if the response is correct or not based on that.
I mean, eventually you will see that we have got this human message, AI message, tool message and
tool calls, all these things that we were discussing, even in our, uh, long chain code that we were
doing over here.
Those things are all now coming in action over here with this, uh, ragas.
Which makes sense, because now we can create a human message, AI message and all these different sort
of messages while we do the communication with raga.
So it's that's the reason why this ragas tool is bit more closer to what we do with Lang chain, because
it's the syntax is and the way that it works are pretty close to what we have already did.
So all they are doing in here with the multi uh term sample is that you're going to have a user message
which is the human message.
And then they pass an AI message which is going to say content.
Let me check whether the current weather in New York is this.
And then you see the tool call.
See that the tool call here that they just say it's a weather API call.
Same kind of tool calls that we were making before, uh, in our earlier sections of the course where
we call the Wikipedia to see if the tool call is really happening.
So same kind of things that that is happening over here, like instead of the Wikipedia tool here,
they call it as the weather API tool.
And this is the argument that they are passing in.
So that is the AI's initial response.
And then you again create a tool response where the content is sunny weather the temperature is this,
this this.
And that's what they are creating.
And then the AI's final response is going to be the AI message.
And this is the content.
And now we are going to pass all these as a conversation over here.
And once you have this conversation ready, you can then send this conversation to the Multi-turn sample
over here.
And you can pass the reference response as well as an input to see the the one that you're looking for
is coming up or not.
So that is what is their actual intention of how you do with the Multi-turn sample over here?
Because we have already developed and built all these things in the long chain, these things are quite
relevant for our actual testing as well.
So let's see how we can actually achieve that over here.
Guess what?
Again, I'm really not going to write any code.
I'm just going to copy paste it over here.
But we will be changing based on our need a bit.
So I'm going to say a multi-turn samples, uh, with the uh with ragas.
And over here I'm just going to add the code pretty much the same code as you can see over here.
And I need to also run this multi-turn, uh, sample.
So I'm going to copy this and let me try to first run this guy over here.
This is just to create the conversation.
And then we're going to run the entire conversation sample over here.
And let's see what is really happening with the samples.
So again this is I think this is just a sample being created.
Uh, we probably need to run this sample in the matrix and see how that actually works.
So in order to do that, I'm gonna one more time call this, uh, matrix over here.
And then we can call the metrics over here.
So you see that we got the Multi-turn sample over here.
So I'm gonna say dot uh multi score.
And I'm going to pass the sample.
And I'm going to run them over here.
So you will now notice that this is going to do a multi-turn uh, sample for us over here.
And then we got the response.
This one looks like this is also quite close to what you're looking for.
And that's the reason why you're getting one there.
So this is how you perform the multi-turn sample with ragas.
And these are things that you can do over here for the testing.
But guess what.
These are the things that they have given in their documentation.
Like how you can actually do that, how you can create the evaluation data sets.
Uh, over here with multiple datas and things, we are going to start looking at how the more advanced
concepts of the ragas can be used for testing our already built agents and rags, starting our next
section of this course with ragas.